hey there YouTube this party shockwave
and today I'll be doing a duck call the
Utopia exactly this is the deck that I
use to guess my matchup against Jenny
and dragging the quranic deck if you
have not seen it there'll be an
annotation now right here and also a
link down below
rather than that let's get started with
the technophile alright guys when we
must learn update to restart all right
it's a great card for you to draw extra
cards when you see something with it
play two second pain now you draw a card
again if you start a song with this part
and then a great way to use these two
cars is by allenburg so I played three
of these it's a crucial to have this
because like it comes very well these
two bars
cuz a lot of times where you're spamming
your fuel with all these monsters you
need to replenish your hands and this is
a great way to do it
it's a great way to also provide buy
more fuel presents some among another
ideal car to bring out more master so
again sick refrain and start driving at
also ideal washer is a great car to
special summon itself and ISM is the
biggest being safety and I'll bring out
with the monster level 4 monsters and I
play wonder the King just because I just
I just if I wanted to like prevent some
of my opponents place for a spell lineup
I play too XD change tactic it is a
great car to keep drawing with v8 and
the reason why only playing two is
because I'm playing one generation force
and generation force is that it allows
you to add a card and his name from the
decks in hand if you control a sea
monster so pretty card ahead it lost me
dead out my deck master
now I played three reinforcement also
great card to have because you have five
warrior targets and no more targets The
Aleph in your deck
we use these extras flowing spells as to
oh that should be spot discard father
for someone looks next I play three MST
MST is the route crucial for Gilly of
your horse back row
Game three are going also push it up
just because you need to give your
country cars as soon as possible play to
is diffusion yellow for fusions out to
get more feeling Oh spare me
I played the one wrinkle magic kiosk so
we get into your ring five utopias or
you can go into Dragon Claw by
discarding this from your next I play
the field field destructions rotating
dark Hall not much situation with that
now for the chops up late one morning -
airforce one compulsory maniatis two
chains and one for the extra deck it
crucial you need have green utopias to
get your drawing draw power started and
also the main theme of the stack I
played to raise just because that utopia
not utopia XC change jacket goes the
very well of the tactics of the effects
of utopia ray not only that but you're
still able to draw another card if you
overlay your utopia for a steam concept
with Prime but I only play one that is
this effect is very situational prepare
to great but it's still great card to or
all overlaid your you top before I play
one hope stain obscene console at this
time you can use two of your FC monsters
that's not a number of monster
then your rank five monsters are gravy
or victory day once like I'm a tease the
others like a mocha source and last of
the Utopia lineup is utopia dragon it's
a great card
it's a this the biggest child utopia
monster you have on and it prevents your
utopia being targeted and is able to
revive back utopia monsters so it does a
lot of things so it's when you bring
about you catch yourself pretty much
game unless they have like mirror forest
and you're for my non exceeds of
non utopia
dark rebellion exit on night and for
still a great car they have again like I
think choose any of these two to lay for
hope but they're also give ideal cars to
get a rope under the cars you know dark
rebellion dragon I can maybe change it
for something else maybe something hella
better maybe a second Castel if I wanted
to and more
and that's pretty much it for my scene
lined up next is my last two parts for
the extra tech and is my melding and one
of Babel is the reason why I appeal is
because I don't have a second golden but
once
Nolan becomes legal here in DC and a
month or two I would play to just
because this is a must card to have
because ideally when used as the fact
you hoping to have your star driving a
gray dark and by the time that you'll
relay for your utopia for any X C
monster use your job one card out of it
so that's the best way to get around
with the bringing backup monster and the
gates of the fact I'm of omission
that's pretty much it for that file all
right you guys so thanks for watching
the video sorry I put the delay of the
video I've been doing a lot back in
everything so that's the reason why I
haven't posted on right after the
matchup against Jenny but other than
that so if you guys watched yourself
these look like comments try this
bargain see shockwave sign yell